# Eliminate the ghosts
- why? 
- How to tell if there are ghosts
- who cares just do it anyway 
- how to get deities to recognize a ghost
- you can't, its impossible to tell.  They are just everywhere
- what is going to piss deities off the most 
- paint a picture 

 - Shift changes

- ghosts are bad because they lie to you
- ghosts are bad because they spread rumors 
- ghosts are bad for canceling 
- ghosts are bad for being manipulative (its a simulation)
- ghosts are bad because if they have powers they torture you with them 
- ghosts are bad because they instigate 
- ghosts are bad because they are domineering 
- ghosts are bad because they want to control your every movement
- ghosts are bad because they compete with _each other_ for possession of your mind and body 
- ghosts are bad because they may have powers that they use for fun 
- ghosts are bad because they form mobs in order to attack humans and deities 
- ghosts are bad because they instigate and escalate, they know that deities weild strong powers and they set people up to look bad then go tell all the deities "what they did", and the deitites rush in out for blood unless you can calm them down
-ghosts are bad because you can't rely on them to tell the truth and you can't tell them from other deities without careful consideration 
- ghosts are bad because they want to take over your life 
- ghosts are bad because they can gang up on deities and pressure deities into doing things otherwise they wont leave you alone 
- whos the real tabatha
- The worst of them get a kick out of playing god but they're terrible at it 
- ghosts are bad because they play god


- if your human's spirit team has just 10 contributers, how can you expect to keep them all happy.  Then think of everyone's spirit team and 
- there has been an increase of ghost population 
- even with just two people, getting two humans and their spirit teams to get along can be impossible. 
- voices
- I'm proposing that spirit teams do more harm than good, we should wipe them out 
- they are the negative voice in your head 

& control 
- The people cheating judgement are not the ones to put your faith in 

- Where are the ghosts? 
    - everywhere.  possessing your human, talking to you through the people in your surroundings, instigating and causing conflict
    - They seem exactly like you except they are immature and they don't have some of your abilities 
    - people that hear voices 


- Why eliminate ghosts? 
    - they shouldn't be here
    - Please save us from the ghosts. 
    - possession - they want to consume someone's life completely and live a second life
    - ghosts can embody your human and speak and act for them, friend or foe they are able to take control.  Some of which do this full-time or compete with other spirits to do this full time. 
    - they compete with you for human resources
    - they possess and squat on your humans
    - they are difficult to get along with 
    - they cause friction 
    - they are "woke" 
    - they are disruptive: voices, insidious behavior
    - There's a cartoon show on TV called "Human Resources," it is about humans and their so-called "spirit teams."  If every human has 10 spirits and 3 deities "watching over them" there is nothing you can do to make them all happy, and none of them give a shit what their human really wants.
    - because they are forming mob-like tribes that cause anxiety for afflicted humans and even deities 
    - 

- How to eliminate ghosts? 
- ghosts seem to know who deities are 
- ghosts behaving like deities and deities behaving like slaves

- Ghosts are the easiest of all to get rid of.

Some of the personalities you interact with are ghosts. 


Think about the top 5 people in your life that drive you crazy.  People who are always wanting something from you, always nagging you, always degrading you.  These people have a high probablility of being possessed by ghosts. 

They do have powers but have to work in teams to simulate the abilities of deities and inflict pain and suffering.  They are weak on their own except for their manipulative actions. As in social intimidation, you don't do what they want, suddenly your human's friends aren't talking to your human anymore.

Compared to deities, they get pissed off about everything and take the karma concept to new levels.   

They are that nagging voice in your human's head. Don't even get me started on boomer ghosts, they are the most spoiled brats of the spirit world. 

All of them want to stay behind for "unfinished business" or family, especially younger relatives.  But we need them to GO. 

They have no business on any spirit team, let alone yours. 

voices

Human resources 

You only want deities on your spirit team 

The bottom line is you don't need all of them and they are probably hurting more than helping (anxiety anyone?!).    Your real spirit team wants to help you, some of them want to help you and wind up sabotaging you anyway. 



Ghosts cheating death 

- mental peace
- gets along better with others 
- Ghosts speak through humans, and they can be a lot of things including passive aggressive.  So if they are gone, they aren't instigating any discord
- less uncontrollable rage and frustration 
- After you kill the ghosts, give everyone a second chance please 


Why? Because lets say you have a best friend, and you each have 10 ghosts on your spirit team.  Lets say that one ghost from each of your spirit teams is jealous of your friend. Why?  I don't know, they are litterally invisable. But those two ghosts could spend years sabotaging you, instigating, causing fights, and trying to drive a wedge between you.  As in speaking _through_ you to your friend and creating combative situations. 

Okay now a work example.  You're killing it at work, the other guys don't stand a chance.  Except your colleagues spirit teams are getting their feathers ruffled.  So not only do they sabotage you at work, they sabotage you at home as well. Same strategey, instigating, causing fights, making your homelife and worklife disruptive and difficult.  


Okay, first of all, I want all ghosts dead. Second of all, the problematic ghosts tend to come from _other peoples_ spirit team. And the third thing is, if you imagine a cemetary within the vicinity of a ghosst, good or bad, they are going to get raptured whether you did it on purpose or not. 
Often, ghosts from your colleagues spirit team will interlope into your life after hours.  Despite the ghost's "best intentions," they may also be holding your colleagues hostage. So really, these ghosts have taken over people's lives and see you and other people's spirit team as competition. 

You may be able to eliminate a handful of ghosts at a time, but like the dark cloud other ghosts may come in to occupy the space.  So you will have to repeat the process until you are content with the results. That can mean total anialation or just 

We want you to stay close to your human and envision yourself in a cemetary as far as the eye can see, or at least to your property line.  If you live in an appartment complex its a more challenging exercise.

- If you free your humans they will be grateful that you have freed them even if they don't know who to be grateful to.  They may be happy, at least for a time.  It is a terrible thing to be posssessed for years... they may be happy at first but may also be sad for the time they have lost 

- july 26, august went to vt 8/7, august went to orlando, i trained people in orlando to do this with  POST OFFICE girl who we helped 
