- message to humans 
- credibility statement 
# what does this book aim to accomplish 
- to make you feel good
- Its made to make your life easier
- spirit war - I will explain their greatest enemies, our greatest enemies 
- nutrition  - I will explain self-care 


# Read this to your spirit team 
The majority of this book is addressed to your spirit guides, a direct message from my spirit team to yours. Really, your spirit team is just like you, wading through the world trying to separate fact from fiction. They go to work with you, hang out with friends with you, they're frustrated about the same things you are -- they are happy for you when you're happy. The difference is they have hundreds or thousands of years of experience and they can go where ever they want.  I will be encouraging them to use their abilities throughout this manual; so when I say go check out the Drava River, I expect they should just be able to pop over to Austria and take a look. 

We wrote this book after years of spirital reasearch and spiritual battles.  What I found on my journey is that most spirits just feel like absolute garbage.  They've seen and done too much and it has worn them down. Envision your life, all the ups and downs, the dissappointments, the state of the world, grind culture, cancel culture, then imagine that each one of your spirit guides is not only supporting you through it, but has suppported hundreds of people that came before you and sometimes many at a time.  Your spirit team may be supporting you and several others simultaneously. They've seen some shit. 

Unfortunately, your spirit team knows as much about _who_ and _what_ they are as you do.  There isn't some spirit school in the clouds that teaches them where they come from, what they are capable of, or what they need to thrive. Or how to fight a spiritual battle, and what they are fighting against.  They are looking for clues and grasping for answers on YouTube just like the rest of us. 

I designed this book to give you answers up front so that anyone with the time to read the first three pages will have all the information that we have.  

In this guide, I will teach you 
- how to eliminate the dark cloud that seems to be following you around
- feel better right now 
- about our common enemies and how to destroy them
- how spirits need to take care of themselves
- how to fight spirits that cannot be destroyed
- about your kind and other kinds 
- how to protect your humans


Please, take the time to read the first chapter to your spirit guides -- help your spirit team help YOU. 

- I wrote this book to give you everything you _need_ to know in the first few pages, so that anyone who picks it up will have all the information we have. 